README.md, before:

# Project to create a word_cloud 'warmup'
### Goals
1. Use the faker gem to create sample data to work on hashes and arrays.
1. Learn how to output and input data into a file.
1. Write tests to create scenarios that a person has to figure out how to solve.
1. Get creative to help *me* learn and hopefully help others.

** Note - word_cloud_spec.rb is a work in progress right now.

## To create the names_and_bs.rb file of fake names and bs

Edit fake.rb to the number of names and saying you want.
 - line 11 is for names
 - line 13 is for the number of sayings

## Below is the start of the instructions for the "real" README warmup


# Blah Blah!

You have some crazy friends that keep using the same crazy words and you are getting sick and tired of hearing it all.

To prove your point you have made a list of some of your nearest, dearest friends and for each friend you have listed their 10 most inane sayings.

Since you are a kick-ass programmer you have put the information in a hash. The friend names are the keys with the value being an array of strings of their favorite sayings.

Your job is to produce some proof of the madness so people don't think you are crazy.

## Instructions

1. Clone this repo.
1. Look at the data in `names_and_bs.rb`
1. Make the tests pass.
1. Showoff to your friends how crazy smart you are!

Commit message:

Changed data file to JSON
rename the data creation to fake_data_creator.rb
add more tests and try different outputs of data
create a run_word_cloud.rb to be able to find what
is in the LARGE data file once created.

README.md, after:

## Project to create a word_cloud 'warmup'
### Goals
1. Use the faker gem to create sample data to work on hashes and arrays.
1. Learn how to read and write data into a JSON file.
1. Write tests to create scenarios that a person has to figure out how to solve.
1. Get creative to help *me* learn and hopefully help others.

### To create the data/names_and_bs.json file of fake names and bs

Edit fake_data_creator.rb to the number of names and saying you want.
 - line 7 is for names
 - line 10 is for the number of sayings

### Below is the start of the instructions for the "real" README warmup


## Blah Blah!

You really care about sounding like a pompous, ostentatious fool. You found a cool site that lists the cool people and the cool things they say.

So, cool, all you have to do is make sure you are always saying the same cool things people will think you are, well, cool. Easy? Or not!

Holy bat-mobile Batman! The information is stored in a JSON file. If only you had paid more attention in week 7 of your 6 month, intensive, full-stack Ruby and Rails programming class held in beautiful downtown Boulder Colorado and knew your arrays from your hashes and knew who the heck this Jason guy was/is!

Oh well, better late than never. There is hope. Make the tests pass . . . perhaps you will find the enlightenment you desire.

### Instructions

1. Clone this repo.
1. Look at the data in `names_and_bs.json`
1. Make the tests pass.
1. SILENTLY showoff to your friends how crazy smart you are!
